Okay. So, now, we've seen how we decode artifacts,
which is a JSON representation of the contract.
Now, we have just one test to write in here.
So, let's walk through what's going on.
One interface will show you remembering more kind Chai.
We talked about before each and describe logs.
You don't see them here, right?
All we see is a contract keyword.
This is what is coming with Truffle.
So let me explain what that is doing.
So truffle, first of all provides a clean room environment when running your test files.
When running your tests against Ganesh or Truffle develop,
the Truffle will redeploy all of your migrations at the beginning of every test file,
to ensure that you have a fresh set of contracts to test against.
Truffle uses the Mocha testing framework in trivial assertions,
so you can write your JavaScript tests just this way.
Now the contract keyword right there works exactly like the describing
before each functions like we talked about in the Mocha and Chai video except that,
it automatically enables Truffle's clean room features.
Remember we used before each so that we could run some tests,
some kind of generic setup that we wanted to do before every it block.
We could just put in the before each block.
The contract does it automatically for you.
Okay. Let me explain how it works.
So before each contract function is run,
your contract are redeployed to the running Ethereum client.
So the tests within it,
will run with a clean contract state.
So you don't need to have a separate before each block.
Also the contract function provides a list of
accounts available to buy your Ethereum client,
so you can write your tests and this happens this way.
So the way you do it.
So, if you see we have a contract block and then we have in it block right there.
Okay. What's going on is contract you have the contract keyword,
and then first argument.
If you see the two arguments here and the first argument goes like this.
So, you have whatever information remember like in before each we just give information.
All of this is some description.
So, I'm just saying I'm running the contract StarNotary.
And the second is a function right there.
And this is a function and this is how you get the account.
So, when you run the contract function this way like I said,
the list of accounts made by Ethereum client you
can just get them directly by using this option.
So, the second is a function argument here and
this is automatically getting the accounts in
here and what I am doing is that once I get the accounts,
I'm storing it is in my variable accounts
that I'm declaring outside of my function right there.
So, now I have my accounts all ready.
Okay. So I have array of accounts ready that I can call anywhere,
I can call the account zero,
accounts two, whatever. That's just the way it is.
Also the second thing,
once we have all the accounts ready,
now we are also having the instance of the notary,
we're deploying it and this is exactly the same way like we did in our deploy file.
If you see we deployed it.
So now what we're doing is that we're actually deploying it in
this file await syntax and we are calling the StarNotary and then we're deploying it.
So again walking you through contract keyword,
followed by any description you want to give the second argument is
a function and the function automatically gets the way you run this function,
it will automatically gets all the accounts that are available to
you when you deploy the contract with a clean room state.
And then I'm storing them in my accounts variable.
And then I'm just calling,
saying that I want to call my owner is account zero.
Because that's by default the first person who's going to
deploy the first account to deploys, is accounts zero.
And then I'm having an instance of the contract and the way I do that I of course a bait,
like I said everything in solidity and also in the word of Ethereum is not synchronous.
So it's mostly L synchronous.
So that's the reason I'm using the async keyword.
So I can officially use now my await syntax.
So I'm using await and then I call StarNotary dot deployed and that's it.
I'm also wanted to mention it's not happening here but again
a Web3 instance is automatically available in each test file.
Remember Web3's only programmatic way
that you can actually connect to the world of Ethereum.
So, Web3 like I said,
when you have your contracts you have to
interact with the Ethereum board you need a copy of Web3.
So Web3 instance is automatically available in test file,
so you can just call Web3 dot Eth Module to get the balance,
get accounts and all that stuff and it just works perfectly fine.
So, again we said in this line again it creates an instance of the contract that
represents the default address of
the contract that we're storing in the variable instance.
Now we can use this instance to run
our test cases and then we will look at that in our next video.